hello it's Ruby and welcome to vlogmas
day 20 in yesterday's vlog I explained
that I had actually lost the last two
days worth of vlogs which was the 18th
and the 19th however I did manage to
find these clips from the 18th when I
saw my friend Mackey we went on two
walks in the woods and it was really a
walk at the moment and if you didn't
already know this is Matthew hi Matthew
has his a channel of his own actually
through quick showers and I will leave
these channel I will leave the link he
did I will try indeed I'm not sure
Matthew actually made a short film a few
was a year and a half ago it's been yeah
February some time but that's all of the
footage that I got so I'm very sorry but
it's rather inconsistent but now I'm
moving on to what I did on the 20th and
of course I started off by doing some
studying so I was just going through my
chemistry textbook back over the AAS
topics and writing notes on polymers
because polymers was a topic that I
actually found to be quite tricky so I
thought that I would review it and make
another Quizlet then I did all of the
summary questions from this topic and
here you can see me marking them
with the questions that I got wrong I
decided to add them specifically to the
quiz net
it was a really beautiful misty morning
this morning and I will also about a
dozen squirrels just sitting in the
front garden out also here my absolutely
lovely Christmas lights so here I am
doing some more chemistry and also
reviewing a few to-do lists which I
written
[Music]
and then I moved on to just highlighting
the poems that we had already done in my
coche anthology for English and then
Here I am just reviewing my notes on the
poems and just typing them up so that
they are more refined oh yes and in the
background you can see my mum and I
looking over this Polaroid mural that
I've made on my wall I ordered some
prints from la la lab and I put them up
and I think that it just looks really
lovely
[Music]
and then here I'm doing more notes for
poetry
[Music]
and here I was also reviewing some
journeys and notes
[Music]
you
then we drove to go and see some friends
we met them for lunch in zzs and we had
a really great time
every be small we are in CDs in case you
didn't already know it's five days
little Christmas
after getting out for lunch we decided
to just do some last-minute Christmas
shopping sorry the Lighting's really
terrible I also picked up a few things
for myself you know it's a Primark and I
bought myself this because my favorite
toiletries in my wardrobe just kind of
sit at the front and I quite like for
them to have a compartment then we went
to welcome sins and I bought this blue
tack because I used mine up yesterday
and then five of these punched pocket so
I can use it for flashcards and my
folders when I got home I watched Eloise
Granger's 12-hour study with me which is
one of my favorite ones on YouTube I've
just been writing a philosophy essay it
actually ended up taking me about two
hours to do and I was really hoping to
get an early night tonight but now it's
just gone 10:00 and I still need to have
a shower and I forgot to have dinner
because I was working in my family we
only used jars and we don't use any pop
glasses because it's a way to recycle
old jam pots and things so I did end up
having dinner and then I went to bed so
thank you for watching and have a
productive week